[RHDEVDOCS-2340] Document ability to quickly search for components and add to your projects from the Topology view (#36101)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-adding-components-to-an-existing-project.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// applications/application_life_cycle_management/odc-viewing-application-composition-using-topology-view.adoc

[id="odc-adding-components-to-an-existing-project_{context}"]
= Adding components to an existing project

.Procedure

> . Click *Add to Project* (image:odc_add_to_project.png[title="Add to Project"]) or press kbd:[Ctrl+Space]

Reviewer: Specify the location for this action.

> . Click on the *Add to Project* (image:odc_add_to_project.png[title="Add to Project"]) or press kbd:[Ctrl+Space]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the *Add to Project* (image:odc_add_to_project.png[title="Add to Project"]) or press kbd:[Ctrl+Space]
```
IBM SG: Use "click", not "click on", to refer to the action of selecting something on a graphical interface.

> . Search the component and select *Create* or press kbd:[Enter] to add the component in the topology.

Reviewer: Search for the component...to add the component to the project and see it in the topology **Graph view**.

.Adding component via quick search
image::odc_quick_search.png[]

> You can also use the context menu by right-clicking in the topology *Graph view* to add a service such as *Import from Git*, *Container Image*, *Database*, *From Catalog*, *Operator Backed*, *Helm Charts*, *Samples*, or *Upload JAR file*  to your project.

Reviewer 3: Is this for default state with no operator installed because there are Event Source, Channel and Broker options as well if eventing CR is present

Author: @sanketpathak Yes, this is for the default state where there is no operator or pod installed in the topology.

Reviewer 2: IBM SG: Use "right-click" when writing for experienced users. Use "Using the right mouse button, click..." when writing for novice users.
```suggestion
You can also use the context menu by right-clicking the topology *Graph view* to add a service such as *Import from Git*, *Container Image*, *Database*, *From Catalog*, *Operator Backed*, *Helm Charts*, *Samples*, or *Upload JAR file*  to your project.
```
Also, use "right-click", not "right-click on", just as you use "click", not "click on".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the context menu by right-clicking the topology *Graph view* to add a service such as *Import from Git*, *Container Image*, *Database*, *From Catalog*, *Operator Backed*, *Helm Charts*, *Samples*, or *Upload JAR file*  to your project.
```

Reviewer: to add a service such as *Import from Git*, *Container Image*, *Database*, *From Catalog*, *Operator Backed*, *Helm Charts*, *Samples*, or *Upload JAR file* --- These are not services/components. These are methods that you use to add components/services.
Also it is not clear that this is another way to do the same procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the *Import from Git*, *Container Image*, *Database*, *From Catalog*, *Operator Backed*, *Helm Charts*, *Samples*, or *Upload JAR file*  options in the context menu by right-clicking in the topology *Graph view* to add a component to your project.
```
